Your ship is drifting, seeming almost motionless above the skies of the small,
icy planetoid you are calling home these days. Out here, the sun is only a
slight dot, its role as the great giver of life greatly dimished by the huge
distance. But you make do. Life out here might not be as lush as your people
have been used to for most of their existence, but with ingenuity and hard work
it's possible to make a decent living, even out here.

Still, many vie for more, and you are no exception. What wouldn't you do for
true prosperity, a small taste of the opulence of your people's glorious past?

Fortunately, for an enterprising indiviual such as yourself, it is obvious where
to get all of this. In the inner solar system, billions of kilometers closer to
the sun, lie your ancestral homelands. The cradle of all civilization, where
once your forebears learned to make their first, timid leaps into the great
darkness of space.

All of this is just a memory, of course, and no living being has walked these
worlds in a long time. A generation ago, when the Von Neumann probes descended
upon your homeworlds, bathing their idyllic landscapes in atomic fire, your
people were forced to depart, making new homes for themselves, hidden away in
the outermost reaches of the solar system.

The probes are still there today, basking in the glow of the sun that should be
yours, turning its warmth into energy to be used for a vast industry that churns
out more and more copies of themselves for a purpose known to no one but them.

You force your attention back into the present. There's no point dwelling in
somber thoughts. Looking towards the future is much more productive, especially
on this special night, the night of the big raid.

Sure, you've raided before, but not like this, never this deep into the inner
solar system. This raid is going to be risky, but it also promises a much higher
reward. You and your companions have prepared accordingly, pooling all your
resources to commission brand new ships, spending months on smaller raids to
stockpile enough equipment, fuel and ammunition, always at the risk of being
discodered and losing it all, in one swift strike of retaliation.

But your daring has paid off. Your small, but effective flotilla of four ships
is in orbit around its frozen base of operations, ready to go at a moment's
notice. You give the command. In perfect symphony, the ships start the burn of
their main engines, a burn that will both let you escape the planetoid's
gravity, as well as slow your speed relative to the sun, letting you fall down
deeper into the solar system.

A few last adjustments, then it's done. Your navigation system shows you the
curved course your ship will be taking now, halfway around the sun, passing the
orbits of half a dozen planets and untold numbers of variously sized rocks on
the way. You're right on target for rendevouz with one of the innermost planets,
the huge gas giant near the sun.

In the old days, the next step would have been to wait while your ships drift
towards their goal, letting inertia and gravity do their slow work. Not anymore.
You engage your faster-than-light drives at about the same time your companions
do the same, hurling each of you through space, compressing a journey of months
or even years into a single moment. TODO: At the cost of most of your fuel.

You feel a sudden surge of adrenaline at the sudden sight of the gas giant, just
a moment before a small dot at the far end of your screen, now suddenly filling
out most of it. You double-check your position and course, hoping your
calculations were correct. You were cutting it quite close to evade early
detection and a tiny error in your faster-than-light jump could condemn you to
a certain death, plunging you deeper and deeper into the planets atmosphere,
until your tiny ship would be crushed by the increasing pressure.

You release your breath, relieved, having held it unconsciously. Your course was
as precise as expected, leading you to the edge of the giant planet's atmosphere
slowing you just enough to achieve orbit in a daring aerocapture maneuver that
will save valuable fuel.

- Aerocapture, turning armored top-side forward, brand new armor being scorched


You reel of the sudden shock as the huge gas giant suddenly fills most of your
screen, having been only one of many symbols on the far side of the solar
system just a second before. You stare at the sensor readouts as they come in,
a thousand worries on your mind. Have your friends jumped at the same time as
you? Have your calculations been correct? A few degrees off, and you'll plunge
directly into the giant planet's atmosphere, instead of grazing just by it like
you planned.

One by one, your worries (TODO Bedenken?) are neutralized (TODO zerstreut?). Your friends
show only a few hundred meters to your side. As the navigation system starts
plotting the new course, you slowly let out your breath, only noticing now that
you had held it. Your course is exactly like you planned, just grazing the
planets thick atmosphere, slowing you just enough - you hope - to get captured
by its gravity well.

TODO: Mention aerocapture?
